# Save-Webb-Canyon-Society

The Save Webb Canyon Society was started in July of 2021 by residents of the Webb Canyon community in Claremont, California. The purpose of the Society is to educate residents within and nearby to Webb Canyon of the risks and harms that will occur if the City of Claremont continues to move forward with its plan to allow developers to build anywhere from 47-94 residences in the hillsides right above the Webb School football field.  This planned residential area is called the Clara Oaks Project.
# The Save Webb Canyon Society strongly opposes the approval of the Clara Oaks Project because it is both unsafe and unwise.  
With regards to safety, the only road in or out of the planned subdivision (and of Webb Canyon generally) is a narrow one-lane road that cannot handle the projected traffic, particularly if there is a fire or a need to quickly evacuate the area.  We also oppose this project because it will cause significant harm to the community in the form of construction noise, air pollution, light pollution, and the destruction of the beautiful hillside.  Our hope is that many residents will decide to oppose the development of the Clara Oaks Project, thus preserving the natural beauty of Webb Canyon for future generations. 
# There is no fee to become a member of the Save Webb Canyon Society.  
Because the group is small and new, we do not yet have official status as a non-profit organization, and we are not accepting donations at this time.  However, we do encourage you to download our Society logo and create your own "marketing materials" such as t-shirts, lawn signs, bumper stickers, etc.  We also encourage you to spread the word about our group on your social media accounts.
